# Responsive Web site

## Software introduction and download

### Style similar to this  https://www.chuansuovpn.com/index.php

### the navigation bar only needs "Home" and "Help Center", with registration and login buttons.

### Place two buttons for download: "Client" and "Self-hosted Server"

#### Clicking on the buttons will take you to the download page

##### similar to chuansuovpn, with download buttons for various platforms

##### Selling Plans

###### Discounts can be set.

###### Monthly, quarterly, yearly.

###### 7-day money-back guarantee

### Brief introduction of features.

## Help Center

### FAQ list

### Create a ticket

### No need for live chat

## Member

### Register using an email address or log in with Google or Apple accounts.

#### Record the IP address used during registration.

### Lock the account for 15 minutes after 5 consecutive password incorrect attempts.

### Change Password

### Forgot Password

### Each account can be used on up to 5 devices, and the device information needs to be bound.

#### Devices that have been used for more than 24 hours can be unbound.

#### The client will send device information.

## Member Page

### There are two options: client and self-hosted server.

#### client page

##### member info

##### display bind devices

###### Unbinding is possible if the requirements are met.

#### self-hosted server page

##### member info

##### servers list

###### For each buy a plan, get a server,Each server contains a configure list

####### Assign the name server1... serverN

####### Generate an srvid for each server, globally unique

###### example

####### "server1" "next due date" "status"

####### "server2" "next due date" "status"

###### The active list and suspended list can be toggled for display.

###### click list go to configure page

####### server name

####### srvid

######## Users can copy or regenerate

######### regenerate

########## Prompts the user that the relevant configuration on the server needs to be modified

########## Associate this configuration with the new srvid

########### srver name

########### configuration list

####### A configuration form with 7 fields

######## "mykey”,"mainkey"，“name”，“value1”,"value2"，"value3"，"userid"

######### string , string , string, int, int, int

########## The userid type is determined based on the user table

######### The name under which they appear will be determined later

######### mykey

########## consists of 32 characters, similar to UUDI, globally unique, and automatically generated when the user adds a list

######### mainkey, value1,value2,value3

########## user input

########### value1 2 3，default: 0

######### name 

########## Select from the drop-down list , to be added by the administrator in the background

######### userid

########## The ID associated with the member's account

########### Always empty "", filled in by a third party

############ Displays "used" or "unused", "used" when the field has a value

######### When adding, it is automatically populated with the value of the previous record, (if one exists), except mykey userid

######### The list can have 0-10 entries

######### Users can delete list items and add new items

####### The configuration table only needs to be saved, and the client will obtain it through a third-party backend server.

##### can purchase a new plan or renew it

## purchase

### Third-party international payment platforms

## refund

### Return the same way

### Refunds within 7 days of the first purchase

### Repurchases are not refundable

#### Determining repeat purchases based on account or payment information.

### Fill in the reason for the refund(option)

## Multi-language support 

### currently Chinese and English, new language packs may need to be added in the future

## Admin back-end management

### Freeze/unfreeze members

### Modify the user expiration time

### Set the plan price and the discount

### Tracking the number of users generated by advertising links deployed on various platforms.

### Tracking sales quantity.

### Is there an offline IP database available to separately track the number of users in different regions?

### fill in the latest version number for the client and self-hosted server.

#### There are multiple platforms, so there may be different version numbers

##### The client is planned to run on Windows, macOS, Ubuntu, Android, and iOS

##### the server is planned to run on Windows, Debian, and CentOS

### Tracking the number of client and server online per day.

#### They will call the designated interface once a day to notify the online.

### General administrative operations

## Customer service operation page.

## Client query API

### version

### Freeze/unfreeze 

### userid

### srvid

### And the functionalities required for the above mentioned.
